[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
FATEFUL ENCOUNTER?
[roaring]
[Bibilian] Wow!
A monster is going crazy!
It's so cool!
This is no time for admiration!
If we keep wasting time, that monster
is going to beat us to the punch.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Conquering Earth!
That's right!
We came here to conquer Earth!
So hurry up and go conquer it!
Before I do that, I'll take a bath,
do my nails, and--
Who cares about that!
[Bibilian] Yes, ma'am!
Big Brother, get us some croquettes
while you're at it.
Okay!
[Kana] Naoko.
[Erika] We're sorry.
Huh?
We believed Babu Lisa's lies
and misunderstood you.
We're really sorry.
No, don't worry about it anymore.
But we were so surprised.
You suddenly transformed into a dinosaur!
I'm sorry.
-[Erika] There's no need to apologize.
-What?
We're friends!
But I turn into a dinosaur when I'm mad.
It's no big deal turning into a dinosaur.
It makes you unique.
Thank you!
Yay! I have great new friends!
[Kana] The croquettes here at Matsui's are
really delicious.
MATSUI MEAT SHOP
Can we have three croquettes please?
Sure! Three, coming right up.
[gasps]
[giggles, laughs]
[Toshio] Oh?
This is Naoko. She just transferred today.
[stutters] I'm Naoko Watanabe.
-[Toshio laughs] You're really cute.
-Huh?
[Toshio on fantasy echo]
You're really cute.
You're really cute. You're really cute.
[Naoko] Is this what they call
a fateful encounter?
[humming]
-I'm gonna conquer Earth!
-[caw]
But before that,
I have to buy croquettes.
Guess I'll conquer the meat shop first.
-Fresh croquettes!
-[spaceship siren wailing]
Hello!
Welcome, Mr. Alien.
I've decided to conquer this shop
so please give me three croquettes.
[Toshio] Okay. That'll be 300 yen.
Oh, yes, yes.
Wait, no!
I've conquered this shop!
So I'm not going to pay for it.
What's wrong?
Mr. Alien is saying things
that don't make sense.
A complainer?
A complaining alien? How scary.
It's none of your business!
Huh?
-Wowzers!
-[Naoko giggles]
She's so cute!
Dear lady, I've never met anyone
as beautiful as you in all the universe.
We were destined to meet.
Be careful, Naoko!
He's a complaining alien!
Stay out of my business!
You're what people call "pests."
Like bugs!
That's why I'm going to do this!
-[screams]
-[yelps]
[cicada cry]
[shouting] Kana! Erika!
[laughing]
They were being such annoying pests,
so I turned them into bugs.
Isn't it funny, Naoko?
[inhales] What have you done...
[roaring] to my precious friends?
[Bibilian] Whoa!
Naoko was actually the monster!
-I'm not a monster, I'm a dinosaur!
-[grunts]
-[groans]
-[bang]
[screams]
-Huh!
-[roar]
[screaming]
Eh? A bomb!
I asked Big Brother for croquettes,
but he's taking forever.
If he can't even do a simple favor,
-he's not gonna conquer--
-[both] Huh?
-[groans]
-Big brother?
What are you doing?
-I'm being attacked by a monster!
-[roars]
I'm a dinosaur!
Hey, that bomb!
Did you light it?
Huh? What's this?
[Lemon] It's a bomb to use
as a last resort
in case we fail to conquer Earth!
It'll blow up the entire planet
with us on it!
[boom]
-What?
Gau!
That's not good!
-Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch! [screams]
-[Toshio grunts]
[Bibilian sighs]
-[Gauko roars]
-Uh...
-Once ignited, that fuse won't go out!
-What?
[screams] What?!
-Eh...
-[screams]
Lemon! Drop!
Do something about this bomb!
[chewing]
Naoko Watanabe was a surprise.
A dangerous woman when she's angry.
[screams]
[screams] This is a bomb
that'll destroy Earth. Here you go.
-[screams]
-[Babu] Babu? A bomb?
[screams]
I don't want it!
[screams] Ugh!
CAFE SAWA
[growling]
That dinosaur was amazing!
-It's probably special effects.
-[both] Huh?
I'll headbutt it!
Ouch!
Huh?
Ugh! [body thud]
[screams] Huh?
-[Gauko roars]
-[Keisuke] The dinosaur?
[roaring]
Here, catch!
-[treble roar]
See ya later!
[roars]
[humming]
[gasps]
What is this?
-[groans, screams]
-[roaring]
-That bomb is going to blow up the Earth!
-[screams]
[both screaming]
[roaring]
[chickens squawk]
[screaming]
-[meows]
-[Gauko gasps] Gau!
-[screams]
-[thud]
-[crash]
-[screams]
-[roars]
-[flame crackling]
-This is yours!
[screams]
Oh! [swallows]
[gulps]
Whoa! She swallowed the bomb!
What've you done to me?
[roars]
It might explode in three seconds!
[screams]
[muttered explosion]
[burp]
Huh?
She digested the bomb?
Which means...
The monster saved Earth!
[roars]
You're all the worst!
[screaming]
[sighs] I think I'm hungry.
-[all] Good job!
-Huh?
Naoko, you saved the Earth!
What?
[Keisuke] That was amazing,
Ms. Naoko Watanabe! You're our hero!
Hey, let's toss her up!
What?
-[kids cheering]
-[Naoko screams]
Naoko...
She's forgotten about us.
-Chirp.
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪